PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing and using any mobile application, website, social forums, activities, events, and/or other Platform (collectively, “Platform,” as further defined in our Terms of Service) which are or may be provided by Delaluna Answers LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Company,” "us", “we", "our"), user (“you,” “your,” “User”) expressly agrees to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy (the “Policy” or “Agreement”), which are a material prerequisite to your use of our Platform. We may modify the terms of this Policy at any time. 

The Platform provided by us may only be used for lawful purposes and only used or accessed by persons at least 18 years of age. DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR PLATFORM OR PROVIDE US WITH ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE.  
BUSINESS PURPOSE
The core business purpose of Company is to provide consumer use of the Delaluna Answers App and the features and functionalities contained within it, generally providing information and entertainment relating to astrology, relationships, inspiration, motivation, and other lifestyle elements, and uses incidental thereto (the “Platform”). We may expand, contract, add to, modify, or terminate the Platform at any time, without notice.
We collect certain Personal Information to: (a) establish your account or login credentials if/when an account is permitted or required, (b) provide you with the Platform uses, and (c) facilitate the operation or maintenance of our Platform, operations, and internal record keeping. Personal Information will be used solely for these business purposes. 
In our effort to provide you with ongoing Platform use and service our relationship with you, we may send you emails informing you of specials, events, or new features that may interest you or may be relevant to your continued use of the Service. Upon creating an account with us, you will be given the option to “opt in” to receiving optional emails, i.e. emails of interest but not essential to your account or continued use of the Service. If you do not “opt in,” we will not send you such emails. Regardless of your “opt in” or “opt out” of optional emails, we reserve the right to send you emails regarding your account or matters related to your continued use of the Service.
We do not sell or lease User data to others. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION
In order to use the Platform, you may be permitted or required to establish an account or login credentials, or otherwise provide certain Personal Information (or personal information of your company representative), which may include full name, title, age, date of birth, a username, password, company name if applicable, company web address, mailing address, street address, phone number, email address, and if the Platform at any time charges a fee for use or for certain features, then credit card numbers or similar information for payments), which will only be used for legitimate business purposes in connection with providing the Platform. The use of your Personal Information shall be further governed by our separate Terms of Service, incorporated into this Policy by reference. 
We may, in our sole discretion, automatically collect certain information, including, without limitation, your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, internet browser type, internet service provider, operating system, mobile carrier, details of referring website or exit pages, general geographic location, how your device has interacted with our Platform, including pages accessed, links clicked, pages viewed, and features used, along with associated dates and times.
We also collect any other Personal Information you choose to provide with us, including, without limitation, Personal Information you may provide in phone calls to us (which may be recorded for training and/or quality assurance purposes), emails or other written communications to us, comments in social features, comments on our social media or other communication forums we may provide from time to time in our sole discretion, your social media ID, searches and transactions you conduct through our Platform, and data you give us about other people. You shall not provide us with data about other people without their consent, nor data about them which is untrue, inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, bullying, abusive, harassing, illegal, or otherwise harmful, offensive, or irrelevant to the Platform.
It is your responsibility to ensure the Personal Information you provide to us is accurate, complete and up-to date.
We only collect Personal Information about the following persons: (a) those whose explicit consent has been obtained; (b) those whose Personal Information is required or permitted pursuant to contract/agreement for our Platform; (c) in order to take steps at the request of the data subject; (d) or with whom we have a legitimate business interest where our interests are not overridden by the individual’s data protection interests, or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If you would like to request a copy of your Personal Information, please email our Data Protection Officer at admin@delalunaanswers.com. 
TRANSFER, PROCESSING, AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
Our office and business operations are located in the United States. All Personal Information is transferred to and processed in the United States. 
Your personal information will be shared only on an as-needed basis as follows: (a) with our owners, employees, any contracted consultants, etc., (b) to the extent necessary for us to provide the Platform, operate our website and other operations, and maintain record keeping, (c) with our advisors (e.g. accountant, lawyer) and third party service providers of our data management programs, such as, without limitation, email and internet service providers, web manager, data backup services, IT service providers, and payment processors (collectively, “Third Party Supporters”), and (d) as may be required by law. By providing us with your Personal Information, you acknowledge, consent, and agree to any additional privacy policies set forth by Third Party Supporters, whether or not they are directly referenced in this Policy. You agree we are not liable for any act, omission, or failure of any of Third Party Supporters. We may change Third Party Supporters from time to time, in our sole discretion.   
We may be required to disclose certain Personal Information (a) to U.S. or other government and regulatory authorities and will comply with any lawful requirements (which may include legal requirements outside your country of residence), (b) to protect against or identify fraudulent transactions, or (c) other legal reasons.
DATA INTEGRITY AND SECURITY
We will take reasonable steps to stop and remediate any unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or processing that we become aware of. The initial storage provider is Fire Base by Google, and at least initially, there is no backup of data offered, as the Platform is being offered while it is still in developmental stages. Further, deletion of the Platform (app) from your device will delete your data from it. We reserve the right to change the storage provider, and any Third Party Supporters, at any time, without notice.
DURATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION STORAGE AND PROCESSING; DELETION
Unless you request otherwise, Personal Information that you provide us will be retained for the shorter of: (a) for as long as consent was originally provided, (b) the duration of any applicable contract to which you are a party, (c) until consent is revoked, or (d) as long as we have a legitimate business purpose for it. We may, in our sole discretion, use a Third Party Supporter such as, for example, Fire Base by Google, for data backup and/or storage, if offered, and the use and storage of your data is further governed by their terms of service or our contract with them. We may, at any time, change service providers or provide in-house data storage and backup.
YOU ALWAYS HAVE THE RIGHT TO ACCESS, CORRECT, OR REQUIRE US TO DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM OUR DATABASE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT WE ARE REQUIRED BY LAW TO RETAIN ANY SUCH INFORMATION (E.G. FOR TAX OR AUDIT PURPOSES). UPON VERIFICATION OF YOUR IDENTITY, WE WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH A COPY OF ALL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN OUR POSSESSION OR CONTROL WITHIN 30 DAYS OF REQUEST. UPON VERIFICATION OF AN INACCURACY IN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE WILL CORRECT IT AND FORWARD THE CORRECTION TO OUR CLIENT WHO ORIGINALLY PROVIDED US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, FOR THEIR CORRECTION AS WELL. WE WILL NOT MAKE CHANGES THAT WE BELIEVE WILL VIOLATE ANY LAW (WHICH MAY INCLUDE LAWS APPLICABLE TO US OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY) OR WILL BE FRADULENT OR DECEPTIVE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF YOU HAVE US DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IT WILL NECESSARILY DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND WE WILL NO LONGER BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH USE OF THE PLATFORM. A REQUEST TO DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL ALSO MEAN RECOVERY OF YOUR ACCOUNT AT A LATER DATE WILL NOT BE POSSIBLE.
ANY DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT SHALL NOT AFFECT THE LAWFULNESS OF USE, STORAGE, OR PROCESSING BEFORE ITS WITHDRAWAL OR DELETION.
If you request that we delete your Personal Information, we may, in our sole and absolute discretion, retain any non-personal information you have provided to us. 
CONTACTING US
Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), or if you desire correction or deletion of your Personal Information, please immediately notify us of the problem by emailing our Data Protection Officer at admin@delalunaanswers.com.    
TRUTHFULNESS AND INDEMNITY
You agree not to input into our Platform or any other medium owned, managed, or controlled by us, any untrue, inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, bullying, abusive, harassing, illegal, or otherwise harmful, offensive, or irrelevant content (as determined by us), nor shall you input the Personal Information of another person or company without their express written consent. You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, our employees, members, officers, directors, shareholders, contractors, agents, and advisors, along with any third party whose Personal Information you misuse according to this policy (“Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, actions, costs, expenses, and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever (including without limitation attorney’s fees), incurred by an Indemnified Party, arising from or relating to violation by you or your representative of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service, or any act of deceit, dishonesty, fraud, violation of law, or violation of third party rights by you or your representative; and Indemnified Parties shall have the right to recover from you any and all losses and damages of any and every kind or nature arising therefrom or relating thereto.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK
The following statement is provided in response to California’s Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA):  When you visit a website in any browser, your computer typically and automatically shares information with that website, such as cookies, your IP address, and other standard computer information. If the website contains information provided by a third party (for example, a map, advertisement, or web measurement tools such as a web beacon or scripts), some information about you may automatically be sent to the content provider. This may have several benefits, including, for example only (whether or not the same are actual benefits in this case), and without limitation, allowing you to access third party information on the website, or free or reduced cost access in exchange for accepting advertisements. However, this can impact your privacy, because it is possible for content providers to track you across multiple websites. 
If you wish not to be tracked, you should explore Do Not Track options in your web browser or with your IT servicer. Our app, any websites, and business model are not set up to respond to Do Not Track requests, and will not respond to such requests. We also have no control over, and are not responsible for, tracking associated with third parties’ interactions with our website or app, for example and without limitation, Google Analytics and AdWords.
DATA PROTECTION REPRESENTATIVE/AGENT
Initially, use of the Platform is only intended and provided for persons within the United States. It is not our intent or business model to advertise or provide use of the Platform to persons subject to the jurisdiction of countries or laws which would require us to retain a consumer data protection representative in such countries (for example, and without limitation, an EU GDPR representative, or similar/equivalent in China or other non-U.S. countries with similar consumer data protection laws). IF YOU ARE A SUBJECT OF OR RESIDE IN A COUNTRY SUBJECT TO THE EUROPEAN UNION’S GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATIONS, OR OTHER NON-U.S. COUNTRY, CONTACT US BEFORE PROVIDING US WITH ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR USING OUR PLATFORM.
COOKIE STATEMENT
Cookies are small pieces of text sent as files to your computer or mobile device when you visit most websites. Cookies may be delivered by us (first party cookies) or delivered by a third-party partner or supplier (third-party cookies). Cookies are either session cookies or persistent cookies. Session cookies enable sites to recognize and link the actions of a User during a browsing session and expire at the end of each session. Persistent cookies help us recognize you as an existing User and these cookies are stored on your system or device until they expire, although you can delete them before the expiration date.
Other similar technologies:
Web beacons, gifs, and clear gifs are tiny graphics, each with a unique identifier that are embedded invisibly on sites and in emails. Web beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited or if ad banners on our sites and other sites are effective. We also use web beacons in our HTML-based emails to let us know whether our emails have been opened by recipients, which helps us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications, promotions, and marketing campaigns.
Proximity based beacons send one-way signals over very short distances, to communicate with associated mobile apps installed on your phone. They can notify you, for example, about experiences related to your trip and can alert you to related deals or promotions. Beacons communicate with your device only when you are in close proximity and only if you have given consent within the relevant mobile application.
Pixels are small objects embedded into a web page that are not visible to the User. We use pixels to deliver cookies to your computer, facilitate the log-in process, monitor the activity on our sites, and deliver online advertising.
Tags are small pieces of HTML code that tell your browser to request certain content generated by an ad server. We may from time to time use tags to show you relevant advertising and promotions.
Scripts are pieces of JavaScript code that launch automatically when certain webpages load, to determine whether Users view associated advertisements.
Local Storage Objects, such as HTML 5, are used to store content and preferences. Third-parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use Local Storage Objects to collect and store information.
All of the technologies described above will be collectively referred to in this Cookie Statement as “cookies.”
We use cookies for a number of reasons, including to:
Help us improve your experience when visiting our sites
Fulfill transactions and ensure our sites perform as intended
Remember your preferences, such as language, region, or currency
Provide you with relevant advertising and analyze performance of the ads
Enable you to return to previous travel searches
Identify errors on our sites
Help with data protection and potentially detect and investigate malicious of fraudulent activity
Help us understand traffic to our site, including time and date of the visit, time and date of the last visit, and other information
Analyze how well our sites are performing
The types of information that we collect through cookies include:
IP address
Device ID
Viewed pages
Browser type
Browsing information
Operating system
Internet Service Provider
Whether you have responded to, or interacted with, an advertisement
Referring or referred links or URLs
Features used and activities engaged in on our sites and in our apps

Certain cookies are required or “essential” for our sites to function as intended. Essential cookies are necessary for you to navigate our site and use certain features like logging in to your account and managing your Reservations. These cookies are also used to remember security settings that allow access to particular content. Lastly, we use essential cookies to collect information on which web pages visitors go to most, so we can improve our Platform. You are not able to opt out of essential cookies.

We also use other types of cookies to make our site engaging and useful to you:
Functional Cookies. We want to make sure when you visit our site, your preferences (such as your preferred language), settings, and previous searches are remembered. Functional cookies enhance your experience on the Platform.
Performance Cookies. We use performance cookies to: 
Understand our site’s performance and how it is used, including the number of visitors, how long you stay on the site, and which parts of the site you visit. We can see details about how visitors interacted with the site, like the number of clicks visitors made on a given page, their mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words visitors used, and the text visitors enter into various fields
Test different designs and features for our site
Monitor how our visitors reach our sites
Determine effectiveness of our advertising
Improve our Platform, including your experience on our site
For analytics, our third-party service providers may use cookies to perform their services and may combine the information that they collect about you on our sites with other information that they have collected. For example, we may use Google Analytics cookies to monitor the performance of our sites. Our ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visit to our sites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. This Cookie Statement does not cover such third-parties’ use of your information.

Some analytics cookies can perform tasks essential and/or functional to online Platform like enabling site improvements and testing changes on a site.
Targeting Cookies. We and any third-party advertising partners we may engage from time to time may use advertising cookies to show you advertisements both on and off our sites that are based on your interests. We may allow third-parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies to perform their Platform and may combine the information that they collect about you on our sites with other information that they have collected. These third-parties include business partners who collect information when you view or interact with one of (1) their advertisements on our sites or (2) our advertising or booking information on their sites and advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements or tracking mechanisms they place on many different sites on the Internet. Our partners may make assumptions about your interests, characteristics, or preferences and add you to groups based on those assumptions in order to show you tailored advertisements. We do not have access to the cookies these third-parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third-parties are not covered by this Cookie Statement, or our Privacy Policy.
You can choose not to receive tailored online advertising on this site and other sites and learn more about opting out of having your information used for tailored advertising purposes by accessing one of the following resources:
For EEA, Switzerland, and UK:  http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
For Canada:  http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
For U.S. and rest of world:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads, you will still see online advertisements, but they will be general and less relevant to you.
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies whenever you like, but please remember if you do choose to reject cookies, your access to some of the functionality and areas of our site may be restricted.
We may update this Privacy Policy in response to changing laws or technical or business developments, or for any reason in our discretion, without notice.




